British Railways (SR) Bulleid Q1 0-6-0 tender engine No. 33038
Version 1.0
For Microsoft Train Simulator
3D Model and Textures October 2001 Kim Durose

Designed by O.V.S Bulleid and built in 1942, the Q1 was to become the final British 0-6-0 design. Built during wartime and therefore an Austerity design, the locomotives were bereft of any unneccesary features such as running boards, to conserve precious and scarce metals. Bulleid's brief was to build a locomotive light enough to travel on the majority of the Southern Railway's routes, whilst at the same time be capable of hauling the heaviest freight turns that wartime conditions demanded.
Possibly the most unusual design of steam locomotive (apart from his final Southern fling with the Leader), Bulleid's Q1 was a resounding success, being an excellent steam producer, and was also the most powerful 0-6-0 on British metals.

Technical notes:-
Built from scratch in TurboCAD Professional 6.5 and 3D Canvas Pro 4.22

Installation notes:-
1- Run the executable file "BRQ1_v1.0.exe"
2- In the "Directory" dialogue, navigate to your "Train Simulator" directory, NOT your Trainset directory. The installer will automatically create a new folder in the Trainset directory called "BulleidQ1-BR"
3- Aliases of the Scotsman cabview and sound folders will be created in this folder to conserve disk space.
4- Create a consist and away you go. A consist called "Q1_light_engine" made up of the Q1 locomotive and it's tender will be installed automatically. You can use this as a template to make your own consists if you wish.
5- I have included the texture for the cabsides and smokebox number plate if anyone wishes to renumber the locomotive as their personal favourite.

Whilst every care has been taken to ensure compatibility, the author can accept no responsibility if these files damage your installation of MSTS or impare the performance of your installation of MSTS. This locomotive has been tested on a Pentium III 800Mhz with Riva TNT Pro 2 graphics card and 384Mb of RAM.
Please do not charge for this locomotive. It's been built for fun, not for profit, and as such is released as freeware. If you distribute this locomotive from your website, the archive must remain intact as I have supplied it, complete with all documentation and support files. Do not release it as part of a compilation without prior permission from the author.

Version history:-

v1.0
first public release

Features:
-Head-out cab views
-Animated mechanical lubricator
-Flickering fire with "glow" effect.
-3D polygon-based Bulleid-Firth-Brown wheelsets
-High detail with low polygon count (around 2500 polys)

Please send any comments/criticisms/requests for future models/ideas for improvement to kimdurose@aol.com
This, like all other projects, is on-going and I welcome any suggestions for improvements in future updates.

Kim Durose October 2001

