
Cabview for Class 55 Diesel-Electric Locomotive.
Implemented for MSTSPatch 1.5.7. Dual cab and night textures.

Version 1.0

Copyright: Howard Payton ( Cab Projects )
           Chesterfield
           Derbyshire
           England

Cab installation:

Unzip Class55-1cab.zip to a temporary folder.
 
This will give you the opportunity to either install directly to the loco cabview folder
or into the common.cab folder.

Before you transfer any files, BACKUP then DELETE the contents of the cabview folder of the
loco you intend to use with this cab.

To install into loco Cabview folder, copy all the files into the cabview folder.
Check the Cabview ( xxxx.cvf ) parameter in the eng file.
If you are using a air braked loco: Eng file needs to be:  Cabview (delticAir.cvf )
If you are using a vacuum braked loco: Eng file needs to be:  Cabview ( delticVac.cvf )

To install into the common.cab, make a new folder within the common.cab folder named Class55-1
Copy all the ace files and the Night folder to the new Class55-1 folder.
If you are using a air braked loco: Copy the delticAirC.cvf file to your loco cabview folder.
If you are using a vacuum braked loco: Copy the delticVacC.cvf file to your loco cabview folder.
Check the Cabview ( xxxx.cvf ) parameter in the eng file.
If you are using a air braked loco: Eng file needs to be:  Cabview (delticAirC.cvf )
If you are using a vacuum braked loco: Eng file needs to be:  Cabview ( delticVacC.cvf )


Thank you for downloading; enjoy your new cab.

During the construction of this cab I would like to express my thanks to the following:

Stuart Page, Deltic Preservation Society, DPS Depot, Barrowhill, Chesterfield, for granting me permission to take photographs and advice given with respect to the Class 55 loco operation and controls.
Open Days, dates available here: www.thedps.co.uk

Ray Mathers - for help and advice.

Your help and advice is greatly appreciated.

UKTrainSim for making available a selection of locos and cabs to download and use.

You install this cab at your own risk.

This cabview is copyright (c) 2006 to Howard Payton ( Cab Projects ).
It may not be reproduced whole or in part by any method without written permission.

Howard Payton ('Tross')

July 2006









 