Replacement EMU sounds for any UK EMU (but intended for Dave Kerrys forthcomming SR 4 CIG)

Hi all, these files will replace the sounds in the sound folders of your UK EMU'S in
Microsoft Train Simulator, giving it a more realistic UK feel to it.
I have tried them with very good results.

Instructions for use:

1.Locate your EMU sound folder in the Trains, Trainset folder of Microsoft Train Simulator.
2.Extract the enclosed files to a temperary location, 
3.Copy the sound folder from the zip to your UK EMU directory
4.If desired copy the 2 files from the alternative horn sounds folder to the sound folder, as these are a more modern horn suited to Modern
Classes of UK EMU as the default horn is intended for use with the first generation of Southern Region EMU.
5.Next Scroll down your EMU's Eng file and replace the sound entries with these(Copy And Paste)

Sound (	"d9Eng.sms" )
Sound (	"d9cab.sms" )

6.Start MSTS and choose a UK EMU consist to hear the new sounds.

Overview:

This package is intended to replace the 2000 sounds for any UK EMU as they are not really suited for UK use.
The 2000 sounds played motor sounds when the EMU was stationary, I have replaced this with the compressor sound which will be
heard after a pause, when in the idle position giving a true UK feel to the Sim.
Also the EP Brake can be heard clicking when applied and released.
As mentioned above these sounds are really intended for use with any Southern Region EMU such as 4 CIG, BIG or 4 VEP, REP, CEP
For which Dave Kerry is developing at this time.
However they can be used with any UK EMU as detailed above.


Disclaimer:

Whilst I have tried these files on my machine with no problems, I accept no damage which they may cause, use at your own risk.



Copyright:

Feel free to use these sound files in any EMU Package, all I ask is you give me a mention.
This Custom Package has been created by editing and using Standard MSTS Files and some from my own Sound Library.
Software used COOLEDIT 2000 and SOUND FORGE & WINDOWS SOUND RECORDER.


Feedback:

Please feel free to send any feed back to gary.cox@virgin.net


          Edited and supplied by Gary Cox (member coxyg at Trainsimfiles)