SECR C Class 31588

This loco was originally modelled by John Riddell (cardean) and subsequently - with John's permission - finished and prepared by Danny Gilbert (DEE4141).

The crew have been obtained from UKTS: File ref - Crew Aliases_1  UKTS ID 7703

I would like to thank Paul Gausden for allowing his work to be used.

With the exception of the crew, the contents of this file - DEE_ClassC_31588 - are the copyright of John Riddell and Danny Gilbert. March 2012.

 
The model has been tested prior to release, but any subsequent download and installation must be undertaken at your own risk. The model is Freeware and for personal use only and all files are for distribution by UKTS only. They must not be made available from any other website - or used in any other way - without permission.


RESKINS 

Reskins are permitted on the condition that a copy of this readme is included in the folder.

To identify the correct textures for a part it is recommended that you use Paul Gausden's ShapeView. Click on View and then Textures and this provides a full listing. Removing the tick from any box identifies the applicable parts in that texture.



THE MODEL

The model represents 31588 in BR Plain Black livery,and in clean ex-works condition. The C Class was designed by Harry Wainwright and they were constructed between 1900 and 1908. The class was designed for goods work but could often be seen on local passenger duties. The last of the class was withdrawn in the early 1960's. 


HEAD CODE DISK INDICATORS

Disk indicators have been provided for both loco and tender(for reverse running),numbered top down (then left to right facing)from 1-6. To change disks just CUT the appropriate "live" or "dead" disk from the respective sub-folders and then PASTE in the main loco folder. Remember the Trainset file must have 6 in no disk.ace files included - "live" or "dead" for the loco. And 6 in no Tdisk.ace files included - "live" or "dead" - for the tender.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I would like to thank Kieran Hardy for carrying out the essential fault-finding and independent testing of the model. 

I would also like to thank Rick Gibb (1crick14a) for writing the .eng and .wag files - such a vital part of any MSTS model.




Finally,I hope you enjoy this model. If you have any comments then please send a pm or post on the UKTS Forums.


DEE4141 (on behalf of John Riddell)

March 2012
