MODEL NAME :  Class 117 DMU - <Green>

Includes Passenger View and illuminated headcodes and destinations.

Original Model	: (C) 2003 Dave Babb  (Buffy Heritage Engineering LTD)
Textures         	: (C) 2003 Mark Wiles (Wombat Works)

Installation : 

Run the included Install Program, it should auto detect your Train Sim directory,
it should display the path to the root of your Trainsim folder, ie something like C:\Program files\Trainsimulator
You should not need to change this value under normal circumstances unless you have multiple MSTS installations.



Credits : Thanks to Richard Scott, Alan Salmon and James Hunt for use of the cabview, passenger view and .eng parameters.  You will need to use the gears to drive this unit (Use key E to move up the gears and shift-Key E to move down).  Also special thanks to Jeff Ashton for the revised sound files.



Licence :

This is released as freeware, and you use it at your own risk.

FOR DISTRIBUTION AS FREEWARE FOR PERSONAL, NON COMMERCIAL USE ONLY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE:

> This model is not "public domain".
> This model and any of it's associated files may not be retro-engineered or used for any purposes other than its original intended use without the prior written consent of the author(s).
> Persons wishing to repaint this model may not do so without requesting permission from the author.
> All repainted/modified versions must acknowledge the authors of the original work. The model remains copyright of Dave Babb.
> This model or any repainted versions may not be distributed on CD without the author's prior written agreement.
> All repaints must include this readme and all conditions of this model apply to the repaint.
> This model or any repaint may not be uploaded to any website without the author's prior written agreement.
> By downloading and/or using this model, you have agreed with these terms and conditions of use.
> USE AT YOUR OWN RISK - author(s) not responsible for any damages arising from the use of these files.
>

THE AUTHORS' COPYRIGHTS TO ALL FILES ASSOCIATED WITH THIS MODEL ARE PROTECTED UNDER THE BERNE CONVENTION

Use of utilities or techniques to extract the texture data from the .ace or .s files will consititute an infringement on the copyrights of the author(s).

Explanation :

By downloading and using this model, you are agreeing to the following conditions :

You may not repaint this model without first obtaining permission from the author (buffy500@uktrainsim.com).
Any model repaint that is authorised does not become your model ! Any conditions that apply to the original, also apply to the repaint.
This model may not be put on any CD collection or uploaded to any other website without written permission from me.
Screen shots of this model are not included in these restrictions. Feel free to upload them as you see fit.
You do not need to ask permission to use this model in an Train Sim activity.
This model has been tested, (at a minimum on my system, and most likely on several 3rd party systems) and is found to be working ok, but I do not accept any problems that this model causes to any system you use it on. A commercial release would still be at your own risk, and this cost you nothing.

**If you do not like these conditions and cannot agree to them, then please delete this model from your system.**

Repaint Policy :

Repaints MUST be authorised before they are started, Do not come to us and say "can I upload this", If you ask first I expect that we will say yes.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Regards...

Buffy and MarkW