British Railways Std. Class 9F 92234
Version 1.0
For Microsoft Train Simulator
3D Model and Textures November 2001 Kim Durose

Technical notes:-
Built from scratch using Adobe Illustrator 9, Adobe Photoshop 6, TurboCAD Professional 6.5 and 3D Canvas Pro 4.24

Features:
-5 completely new cab views
-Fully animated valvegear
-Flickering fire with "glow" effect.
-High detail with low polygon count (around 1800 polys for the locomotive and 500 for the tender)

Installation notes:-
1- Run the executable file "92234_v1_0.exe"
2- The Installer will atttempt to find your Train Simulator folder automatically using registry keys. However, if it does not, in the "Directory" dialogue, navigate to your "Train Simulator" directory, NOT your Trainset directory. The installer will automatically create a new folder in the Trainset directory called "92234"
3- The new cabviews will be installed along with all of the loco and tender files. An alias of the Scotsman sound folder will be created in this folder to conserve disk space.
4- A consist called "92234" made up of the 92234 locomotive and it's BR1G tender will be installed automatically. You can use this as a template to make your own consists if you wish.
5- I thoroughly recommend you read the PDF drivers manual (available separately) to aquaint yourself with the new cabview. If you do not have Adobe Acrobat Reader, it can be downloaded free of charge from many shareware sites or from www.adobe.com

A targa file named "9Fuser.tga" will also be installed in to the 92234 folder. With a bit of editing in a paint package such as Photoshop or Paint Shop Pro, the locomotive can be renumbered to a locomotive of your choice. I regret that I cannot offer any technical support regarding this matter, only to say that the edited .tga file will need to be saved as "9Fuser.tga" and converted to "9Fuser.ace" using the makeace utility supplied with the game.

Whilst every care has been taken to ensure compatibility, the author can accept no responsibility if these files damage your installation of MSTS or impare the performance of your installation of MSTS. 

Please do not charge for this locomotive. It's been built for fun, not for profit, and as such is released as freeware. If you distribute this locomotive from your website, the archive must remain intact as I have supplied it, complete with all documentation and support files. Do not release it as part of a compilation without prior permission from the author.

Version history:-

v0.1b (November 14th 2001)
Beta release

v1.0 (November 19th 2001)
Updated and improved cabview.
Minor bugfix to tender windows.
Tweaked .eng file (locomotive is no longer fitted with train heating equipment)

Please send any comments/criticisms/requests for future models/ideas for improvement to kimdurose@aol.com
This, like all other projects, is on-going and I welcome any suggestions for improvements in future updates.

Kim Durose November 2001

