London Transport R Stock

Introduced in 1950 the R Stock saw service on London Transport's District line until 1983.  Although the R Stock only ran on the District, similar designs were to be seen on the Circle and Metropolitan. They usually ran as 6 or eight coach trains. The 8 coach consist would be made up of a 6 coach and 2 coach train usually.

Legend has it, that the distinctive flare side was to stop passengers from attempting to jump on the train while it was moving!

The Model

This model has been made with 3D Canvas. It includes a passenger view, working lights and wipers. It also features opening doors, just press P. Being an electric train it only appears in the traffic list when you select an electric route.

The default cabview is an alias to the Series 2000. However, for those of you who have downloaded Kim Durose's common cabview for his Southern Electrics, then I have included a separate eng file (LURMotorwest2.eng). This aliases Kim's cab and gives a far more realistic impression of an LT cab. Just rename LURMotorwest.eng to LURMotorwestbak.eng and rename LURMotorwest2.eng to LURMotorwest.eng. I have misappropriated the LT tendency to label District trains East and West to indicate driving and trailing ends. Thanks to Kim, for permission to alias to his excellent cab.

The eng file is a slightly modified Seies 2000 file. However, it is still really too fast and powerful for this train. Any comments or suggestions for improvements greatly received.

This is not the first London Transport model to appear for MSTS, but I suspect it is the first LT 'Underground' train for MSTS as such. I hope you enjoy it.

Version 1.1

This release includes the correct sound file aliases. It also includes some graphical modifications from Tim Hubbard (who knows the subject far better than I). It makes this model (the red version) now not strictly R Stock, but more accurately CO/CP stock. Many thanks to Tim for his knowledge and input and for supplying modified aces. I have also corrected the No Smoking logo inside and out to be the correct colours.

Installation

Unzip the file to C: and everything should be installed to the correct place. A consist has been included for a 6 coach train.

Richard Scott
May 2002
richscott@rmplc.co.uk