BR(W) ex GWR KING Class 4-6-0, 6029 King George VI. V1.0

3D Model built from scratch by Robin Howell (robin.howell@tiscali.co.uk)
painted by Robin Howell
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The 3D model has been built using TrainSim Modeler

The largest of the GWR 4-6-0 and the pinnacle of the Great Western design. Whilst some may argue that the Stars and Castles are the better lookers, the Kings have true presence and the look of power which they had in abundance. Its true they could and in preserved hands can be picky about the quality of coal but given the right coal and a first class crew these locos pull large loads impressively at high speed.

This was the last in the Class and is modelled as in the condition of its last few years before scrapping, all too early. 

Just 30 in the Class atlogether they were use on the toplink main line important expresses either shaving time off the schedule of the Castles and Stars or enabling heavier trains on the same schedule. In truth though the power of the locos were not strictly necessary for the Great Western routes and many argue just a larger fleet of Castles would have done the job too. Perhaps this is why many Castles were built in the BR era after the war but no Kings. There were many improvements made in the BR era resulting in better drafting and a double chimney which suits this large loco well. There were also plans to fit roller bearings which would have improved the rolling resistance significantly but early withdraws in the quest for dieselisation shelved them.

The next release will be a blue BR King.

Any suggestions of help or constructive comments welcome.

The wagon is released as freeware, Copyright (C) 2003, Robin Howell. You may repaint the model on the following conditions:

1.	You must give credit to all parties involved in the development and retain this readme in any repacking of the repainted wagon.

2.	No charge may be made for this archive other than that to cover the cost of its 	distribution. If a fee is charged it must be made clear to the purchaser that the 	archive is freeware and that the fee is to cover the distributor's costs of providing the archive.

3.	Please e-mail me (robin.howell@tiscali.co.uk) for permission if you wish to repaint or re-use/re-distribute the model in any way.

4.	The authors' rights and wishes concerning this archive must be respected.


Install instructions: 

1.	Execute the self extracting .exe you will find that the loco will install in the 	TRAINSET folder in a folder called BR_WR_6029.

2.	A consist is included in the download

3.	Have fun! (Bell sounds are included (just for fun) and can be toggled on/off by pressing 'B')

