GWR Star Class 4-6-0 4061 Glastonbury Abbey V1.0

3D Model built from scratch by Robin Howell (robin.howell@tiscali.co.uk)
painted by Robin Howell
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The 3D model has been built using TrainSim Modeler

This is a representation of a Star Class 4 cylinder 4-6-0 locomotive built by the Great Western Railway in 1922. This particular loco was  one of the last batch to be built the first being constructed 13 years ealier in 1909. They were superb machines for their time and repesented a leap forward in passenger locomotives. They were powerful easy steamers and there is much well documented records of some great runs. Even though the CaStle class with its bigger cab gave more shelter and were more powerful engineman still liked the Stars. The loco is finished in Early BR Green.

I have included in the download a photo of my father as a young man in 1949 on the footplate of Glastonbury Abbey at the Swindon works just after he (and many other men of course) had worked on a heavy overhaul where she gained some outside steam pipes for the first time. It was possibly her last full overhaul and rebuild as the loco was scrapped in 1957 just a few months before the last of her class was scraped "Princess Margaret" So I dedicate this model to my father, a fine engineer and lover of steam.

There is a preserved example in the National Railway Museum in York (UK) "Lode Star" which will be my next release in GWR colours. This loco was preserved for display originally by the Swindon works itself to go into the Swindon Railway Museum. Although it is sad we will never see her run again The National collection have decided that since every nut and bolt is per Swindon Spec and plans and completed in the works it is a piece of industrial archiology and so cannot be dismantaled to get her running again.

I am working on getting Level of Detail settings to work on my models so a new vesrion may appear at some point.

Any suggestions of help or constructive comments welcome.

The wagon is released as freeware, Copyright (C) 2003, Robin Howell. You may repaint the model on the following conditions:

1.	You must give credit to all parties involved in the development and retain this readme in any repacking of the repainted wagon.

2.	No charge may be made for this archive other than that to cover the cost of its 	distribution. If a fee is charged it must be made clear to the purchaser that the 	archive is freeware and that the fee is to cover the distributor's costs of providing the archive.

3.	Please e-mail me (robin.howell@tiscali.co.uk) if you wish to repaint or re-use/ 	re-distribute the model in any way.

4.	The authors' rights and wishes concerning this archive must be respected.


Install instructions: 

1.	Execute the self extracting .exe you will find that the loco will install in the 	TRAINSET folder in a folder called GWR 4061.

2. 	A single loco and tender consist is included.

3.	Have fun!

